* A patch cannot break the kernel build. *Requiring each patch to do one thing makes it easier to isolate regressions*; reverting a problem patch also becomes easier. Complex changes to the kernel are thus split into smaller chunks
* Maintainers have their personal preferences on how granular the patch splitting should be for their subsystems

**Componenti patch**:
* `Commit ID`: SHA-1 hash is generated from a cryptographic hash function
* `Commit Header`: del tipo `major subsystem : minor area : descrizione`
* `Commit Log`: descrizione del cambiamento e perche' e' stato fatto.
* `Author`: specificato in `.gitconfig` e inserito automaticamente da `git commit`.
* `Commit`: chi fa il commit. Nome ed email.
* `Signed-off-by`: per certificare che sei stato tu! *To improve tracking of who did what, especially with patches that can percolate to their final resting place in the kernel through several layers of maintainers, we’ve introduced a “sign-off” procedure on patches that are being emailed around.*

**Tag**, indicano chi ha fatto cosa, apparte acked-by gli altri sono autoesplicativi:
* **Acked-by**: indicates an agreement by another developer (often a maintainer of the relevant code) that the patch is appropriate for inclusion into the kernel.

Soggetto email:
* `[PATCH]`: lapalissiano
* `[PATCH RFC]`: request for comments
* `[PATCH v5]`: 5a revisione

The patch revision history on what changed between the current and the previous versions is added **“---”** and **“start of the diff”** in the patch file. Any text that is added here gets thrown away and will not be included in the commit when it is merged into the source tree. Including information that helps with reviews and doesn't add value to the commit log here is good practice. Please check mailing lists to get a feel for what information gets added here.